=head1 NAME

html-tt - Extension for html-helper-mode

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  (autoload 'html-helper-mode "html-helper-mode" "Yay HTML" t)
  (setq auto-mode-alist
        (cons
         '("\\.html$" . html-helper-mode) auto-mode-alist))
  (require 'html-tt)
  (add-hook 'html-helper-mode-hook 'html-tt-load-hook)

  ;; Setting values:

  ;; change sequence face
  (make-face 'my-sequence-face)
  (set-face-foreground 'my-sequence-face "blue")
  (set-face-background 'my-sequence-face "bisque")
  (setq html-tt-sequence-face 'my-sequence-face)

  ;; or
  (setq html-tt-sequence-face 'bold)
  (setq html-tt-sequence-face 'italic)
  (setq html-tt-sequence-face 'underline)

  ;; change sequence for insert
  (setq html-tt-sequence-start "[% ")
  (setq html-tt-sequence-end " %]")

=head1 DESCRIPTION

html-tt is extension for html-helper-mode provide
Template Toolkit grammar. It can be insert TT's sequence,
and it with directive.

=head1 HOW TO INSTALL

If you don't have html-helper-mode, please install
html-helper-mode first. type:

    % make install-html-helper-mode

If you want to install local directory, please set prefix
like below:

    % make install-html-helper-mode PREFIX=/your/home/dir

Then, you can install html-tt. please type:

    % make
    % make install

    or

    % make PREFIX=/your/home/dir
    % make install PREFIX=/your/home/dir

=head1 KEYBIND

C-c m		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-switch

C-c w		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-while

C-c f		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-foreach

C-c e		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-else

C-c i		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-if

C-c n		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-include

C-c d		html-tt-insert-directive

C-c s		tempo-template-html-tt-insert-sequence

=head1 SETTING

see SYNOPSIS.

=head1 AUTHOR

Yoshiki Kurihara E<lt>kurihara@cpan.orgE<gt>
Copyright (C) 2002 by Free Software Foundation, Inc.

This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.

This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<html-helper-mode>

=cut